# Music-Library-Project
Software Design Project, authored as a group project

1. A library is made up of songs, playlists, and albums.
2. Each song corresponds to a specific file path. This path determines the identity of the song and the audio format used and can never change for a given song. Your solution needs to take into account that a file path and/or audio format (as determined through the file extension) may not exist. 
3. A song can become *invalid* if its underlying file disappears from the operating system. It should be possible to detect and remove invalid songs from a library.
4. A song has associated meta-data organized into key-value pairs. When describing songs, keys are called *tags*. There are three types of tags: expected, optional, and custom. Expected tags represent pieces of data that it would be weird not to have. These include title, time, and artist. Optional tags include common tags from a fixed set. These include BPM (beats per minute), genre, composer, etc. Custom tags is a feature that allows users to have an arbitrary key-value pair associated with a song to help classify their music. The value of tags can change during the lifetime of a song.
5. Songs can be organized into playlists. A playlist is an ordered collection of songs. A playlist must have a name. It can be possible to change this name after the playlist is created. It should be possible for client code to access all the songs in the playlist, as well as easily access pre-determined aggregated information (number of songs, total playing time, etc.)
6. Songs can be organized into albums. By default, songs are not part of any album. However, a song can be associated with an album, in which case it gains a track number. Albums can be partial, so for example it could be possible to have an album with only tracks 3, 5 and 9. Client code should be able to gain access to all the songs in an album, and find out their track number. Albums have a required title and optionally an artist name. It should be possible to change both the title and artist of an album after the album is created. It should be possible to have songs from different artists in an album. Your solution is not responsible for ensuring that the content of an album is correct in the musical sense.
